Translate: 
Title: De Bruyne and Haaland sink Arsenal - VnExpress Sports
Content: 'Song scored early, Man City beat Arsenal 4-1 in round 33 and shortened the gap to two points in the Premier League title race.Song's double helps Man City thrash ArsenalMan City thrash Arsenal 4-1 in round 33 and shorten the gap to two points in the Premier League title race.The team is currently playing well and has a good chance to win the championship at the end of the season. With the main squad returning to action, head coach Pep Guardiola has lost to Mikel Arteta, his former assistant who helped him build the current strong Manchester City squad, for the ninth time.This victory also helps City narrow the gap with Arsenal to two points, but with two games in hand. In other words, coach Guardiola only needs to win one of the two remaining games to overtake in the title race, with only five rounds left in the season.De Bruyne and Haaland both shone when Man City beat their main rivals this season. Picture: ReutersThe standout performance from the home side was Kevin De Bruyne and Erling Haaland taking turns to shine. While the Belgian midfielder scored two goals and created one, Haaland showed his importance to the Man City cause with a tireless display. Falling back to help out in defence when needed, De Bruyne then burst forward to open the scoring, showing the youngster's versatility. The commitment also helped Haaland open the scoring with a well-taken fourth, as he beat goalkeeper Aaron Ramsdale with a fine finish.The goal by John Stones in the 2-0 win of Man City, which was in the injury time of the first half, showed the impact of VAR in the game, which was seen as the climax of the season. After Stones got out, he received the ball from De Bruyne to head it past Ramsdale, and the referee blew the whistle for a goal. However, VAR was called in, and it was determined that Stones was still on Ben White with a distance that could be measured in centimeters.They controlled the game well after scoring early. Man City had 52% of ball possession, 12 times off target but still had 9 shots on target. If it were not for Ramsdale's ability, especially in the face of Haaland, Arsenal might have conceded more goals."Haaland showed his "shaved head" when he scored for Man City. Picture: ReutersArsenal's game against Chelsea was a frustrating one as they failed to capitalize on their early lead. The Gunners took the lead in the 8th minute through a beautiful team goal. Ainsley Maitland-Niles found Bukayo Saka in space with a well-weighted pass. Saka then cut the ball back to Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang, who slotted it past Chelsea keeper Kepa Arrizabalaga.Arsenal had a great chance to double their lead in the 20th minute. Hector Bellerin found Aubameyang in space with a well-timed pass, but the Arsenal captain's shot was well saved by Kepa.Chelsea equalized in the 32nd minute through a well-taken free-kick by Mason Mount. Mount's free-kick curled into the top corner, giving Arsenal keeper Emiliano Martinez no chance.Arsenal had a chance to retake the lead in the 52nd minute, but Aubameyang's penalty was well saved by Kepa.The game became more and more frustrating for Arsenal as Chelsea began to take control of the game. Chelsea took the lead in the 86th minute through a well-taken goal by substitute Leandro Trossard. Trossard cut inside from the left flank and found the bottom corner with a well-placed shot.Arsenal could have still gotten something out of the game, but it was not to be. The Gunners will now turn their attention to the Europa League as they look to salvage something from this season.This week, Manchester City will be a guest on Fulham's field. Their opponents in the remaining rounds are West Ham, Leeds, Everton, Chelsea, Brighton and Brentford. Arsenal will meet Chelsea next week, followed by Newcastle, Brighton, Nottingham Forest and Wolves.QuangHuy
